Metabolomics data

Material and Methods
DNA was isolated from the cell culture conditioned media of ovarian clear cell carcinoma (OCCC) cell line ES-2 with the following conditions: absence or presence of glucose (5 mM) during 6 or 48 h of cell culture. Four distinct cfDNA variants of cfDNA were studied: Early-cfDNA-Gluc (isolated after 6h from media of cells cultured in glucose), Early-cfDNA-NoGluc (isolated after 6h from media of cells cultured without glucose), Late-cfDNA-Gluc (isolated after 48h from media of cells cultured in glucose) and Late-cfDNA-NoGluc (isolated after 48h from media of cells cultured without glucose). The conditioned media from which we isolated cfDNA was characterized by 1H-NMR spectroscopy. Furthermore, the metabolic responses of ES-2 cells were assessed following stimulation with 10 ng/mL of each cfDNA variant in the presence or absence of 5 mM D-glucose for 6 and 48 h. The conditioned media from these cultures were subsequently collected and analyzed by 1H-NMR spectroscopy. 
Therefore, the media obtained from the established cultures were centrifuged at 135 × g for 5 minutes and the supernatants were collected, stored at -80⁰C and later explored and defined by NMR. For NMR analysis, 540 µL of supernatant (conditioned media) sample, 30 µL of 0.4% (v/v) sodium azide in deuterated water (D2O), and 30 µL of a solution of 2.2 mM 3-(trimethylsilyl)propionic-2,2,3,3-d4 acid (TSP) were mixed, and TSP was used as an internal 1H-NMR quantification and chemical shift reference. 1H-NMR spectra were acquired at 25 °C using a Bruker UltrashieldTM Avance 500 Plus spectrometer with a TCI-Z probe. The 1H-NMR was performed using a noesypr1d pulse program (128 scans, 3 s relaxation delay, 10 milliseconds mixing time, and 65 k points of free induction decay (FID). Spectra were acquired with TopSpin 4.1 software (Bruker), and assignments were determined utilizing spectral databases such as Human Metabolome (HMDB) and Chenomx NMR Suite 8.11.
